---
title: A Hungry Man
date: 2020-06-11T16:16:52.587Z
---
Jimmy, sitting in his armchair with the blanket all tucked around him, gazed into the screen. Colorful images flash before his eyes until suddenly the sandwich of all sandwiches appears. Meat piled high, melted cheese, sauce dripping, he knew he had to have it, and lucky for him he had one waiting for him in his fridge. Throwing off his blanket and sitting upright he feels a gust of cold air and a twinge in his knees. "What is this horrible place..." Jimmy gasped, quickly reclining back down and pulling the blanket over himself. The horrid tundra that sat between himself and the fridge was all too bleak to contemplate, but Jimmy was hungry. He wrapped the blanket even tighter around himself preparing for the journey ahead and with one swift motion threw himself over the arm of the chair crashing to the floor, still wrapped in his makeshift armor against the cold. He rolled, he scooted, he inch-wormed through the labyrinth of shoes and bags, but he was almost there. The gleaming metal tower stood before him guarding the beloved prisoner that is the leftover sandwich. Luckily, the handle of the door to this bastion of hope was just in reach. He's done it. He's reached the promised land. Mustering what little strength he had left, he threw the door open and saw his prize staring back at him...patiently waiting for his arrival. However, with the treasure now in his grasp he began to feel the blizzard storm outwards from with the metal titan as he clutched the sandwich in his hands. The cold from within was more overpowering than what he had ever experienced. With all of his might he threw the door to the icy prison back closed as he fell to his back, his blanket unfurling from around him. He lie there, the AC still nipping at his nose, but he had done it. The room didn't quite feel as cold anymore after having faced that icy tower. He slowly stood up with a groan and placed his sandwich in the microwave. While the microwave hummed, he stretched and worked out the kinks in his knees. Hot sandwich now in hand, he picked up his blanket and made his way back to his chair. He sat down, reclining only slightly, and putting his blanket behind his back for support. He takes the long awaited bite, savoring each and every sensation and with a bit more intent sits comfortably as the show returns from commercial.